source/index.rst, before:

.. android-audio-docs documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Jun  3 11:42:51 2020.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to Android Audio Documentation!
==============================================

Introduction
------------

From an Android application developers perspective, Audio API's are very well documented. But an Android platform implementor would be interested in understanding the various modules within the Android stack involved in audio handling.Android audio stack is really complex involving many different libraries. Android documentation of audio available `here <https://source.android.com/devices/audio>`_  is a good starting point. But it lacks a lot of details. This page is an attempt to understand the inner workings of Android audio stack and tries to document various components and interfaces. It also attempts to help a platform implementor on developing a custom audio HAL.

.. uml:: high_level_block_diagram.puml

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:




Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

High level architecture page and few more pages.
This commit sets up the directory structure for audio-docs. The
index.rst contains high level architecture. It also includes links
to subcomponents. Each subcomponent is lives under it's own folder.

source/index.rst, after:

Android Audio Documentation!
============================

Introduction
------------

Welcome to Android audio documentation site. This site was created to provide design and implementation details of Android Audio stack.

From an Android application developers perspective, Android Audio API's are very well documented. Android platform implementor would be interested in understanding the various modules within the Android stack involved in audio handling.Android audio stack is really complex involving many different libraries. Android documentation of audio available `here <https://source.android.com/devices/audio>`_  is a good starting point. But it lacks a lot of details. 

This page attempts to demystify the inner workings of Android audio stack and tries to document various components and interfaces. Speficially, we look at following components of the android audio stack:

*  Android Audioserver.
*  Android Audioflinger.
*  Android Audio policy manager.
*  AAudio client and service.
*  Audio HAL.

It also attempts to help a detailed guide on developing a custom audio HAL.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Table of Contents:

   audioserver/audioserver
   audioflinger/audioflinger

Android Audio stack
-------------------
Android audio stack is built on top on Linux ALSA(Advanced Linux Sound Arhitecture) infrastructure. The ALSA driver lives within the Linux kernel space. Android Audio HAL is a userspace process. It's the lower most component within usersapce. It uses library called `tinyalsa <https://android.googlesource.com/platform/external/tinyalsa/+/master/>`_ to access the ALSA driver in kernel. Android audio server includes AAudioService, AudioFlinger and AudioPolicyManager.  AAudioService and AudioFlinger binder based interfaces with Audio HAL to read and write audio streams. Android provides two libraries AAudioClient and libaudioclient to access AAudioService and AudioFlinger. Finally, for Java applications interact with audio services through a JNI interface.

Below is a diagram depicts the android audio stack:

.. uml:: android_audio_stack.puml

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`search`
